is the stock market in a bubble or not
depends on the data you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
you can ask somebody about Nvidia stock
or maybe some other highflying stock and
asks them the question is it a bubble
and some would say yes and some would
say no you ultimately will decide and
put your money where your mouth is the
best advice that anybody can give you is
that you got to do your own homework and
that you shouldn't be watching the
YouTubers of the world to ask which
stocks should I buy you need to be able
to determine what is a good pick and
what isn't and you also need to
determine your exit before you make that
purchase this was taught to me and I
hope that you will get that that as well
don't ever rely on somebody else to tell
you what's good or not I've been
screaming about for instance uranium but
I'm not telling people to buy uranium
I've been talking about this since 2020
many times repeated atly since 2020
uranium uranium uranium look at chemical
look at chemical look at the physical
Sprout uranium look at it look at it
look at it look at it over and over
again but I wasn't telling people as
like you better go buy this right now
it's like hey
check this stuff out and now what's
happened the prices have multiplied okay
why because I'm able to see the trend
there I know what's going on I
understand the Dynamics doesn't take a
genius to figure that out uh but I hope
people would get that info and then
start digging in that's all I'm saying
whereas others I remember one
individual uh I tuned in I'm like what's
this guy saying right here um and the
video was somebody asked him what do you
think what's your stock prediction for
Tesla he said 12250 for Tesla oh
absolutely for it was like
12250 for Tesla by April oh yeah
absolutely oh yeah no problem I mean
giving actual price
predictions and date predictions and was
there backlash absolutely not absolutely
not but anyway whatever the the more
You' I I found the more that you
flip-flop and the less productive
information you
give then the more popular you can be in
this Niche I'm talking about in The
Niche I'm not not talking about Mr Beast
or whatever
nonsense numbers of mentions of
generative AI related topics in
corporate transcripts of the Russell
3000 are we past the peak hype already
they're kind of you know going away
dying off
that's not making its way in there
anymore I think a lot of it is kind of
just all right I I I see what's going on
here and you know wake me up when this
is going to make my dinner
basically Nvidia from 2020 to present
day compared with Cisco back in the tech
bubble some are comparing it to that you
know it's a different circumstance there
no question you're never going to find a
perfect parallel ever but I want to know
if you think it will end up in the same
way in the case of
smci my
goodness that came down
painfully the question is where does it
end is it simply a dip and then it
resurges even
higher similarly in 2000 and 2008 a
large percentage of consumers hit their
credit limits and consumer spending
dropped dramatically this could not end
well this is basically a threat
suggesting that what we saw before will
in fact happen again there are many
different indicators which have gone off
the charts in fact I'll show you some of
those right here you're looking at
Goldman Sachs has these I've seen Bank
of America have these Morgan Stanley
of all all the basically all the
different banks through all the
different years that I've seen these
there are they all have their own
different reports okay when they publish
these reports you get these uh charts
giving you updates okay either they're
weekly reports monthly reports and in
this case here we're just looking at the
current positioning yeah are people over
invested underinvested in this case here
we've gone into the level of stretched
positioning when we get to these levels
at some point in the near future the
likelihood of uh dropping in in stocks
becomes higher that's all that means
same thing is like extreme bear extreme
uh bull where are we right now we are
moving towards that territory of like
too much bullishness this is also
apparent with many different indicators
that will you know traditional
indicators that you would look at you
know could be your um rsis your stock
rsis stochastics lows the these type of
things okay
looking at this which
is um okay what the chart is trying to
show in I believe the next chart as well
is Eli Lily which has gone I mean we
talk about the Magnificent 7 all the
time but a Pharma company just going
absolutely wild wild it's become the
next you know Nvidia outperforming it in
the last like just those last several
days there there my goodness and then we
have this just see that I mean measured
in different ways you're going to see
how incredible this stock Eli Lily has
performed and where the expectation will
be in the next little while uh their
earnings of course um should be a big
factor in that but somehow earnings and
profits and all these things are less
important today like when companies lay
people off because of hard times what
did what did meta do in order to bring
back confidence they laid a whole bunch
of people off okay like crazy um
although they did higher going up up
into that but the point is they laid a
whole bunch of people off and they
stopped talking about metaverse and
started talking about AI That's right uh
magnificent 7's optically favorable risk
profile all right just showing you the
risk adjusted returns they're saying
that this is the way to go got to get on
that Magnificent Seven because the
downside risk is low that's arguable
that's
debatable because what goes up must come
down they say unless
unless this time is
different worst Equity Market breadth
since March of 2009 so Sparky if you're
watching this right now we're talking
about this from the finance Friday check
this out okay so um I pull this chart up
Bank of America you'll see these here
and when I see these type of things
there's measured in different ways
breadth but this is just showing us S&P
500 versus the S&P 500 equal weight and
you could see it's gone into this crazy
territory why because a few stock stocks
are pulling the whole market up and
usually that ends badly that's all that
means doesn't mean it's going to end
badly but usually it ends badly so you
know take what you want from that
inflows to Tech on course for $85
billion in
2024 looking at Tech fund flows seeing
that there's a lot of money going in
there excessive excessive
for what we see like the amount of money
that's moving in there this is by the
way you can see at the bottom epfr all
right um the
epfr tabulates all of the money flows
from one place to another and we know
specifically that there is an infinite
amount of cash going in and um it it is
blowing a big bubble not just in Tech in
general but in a few names
you could see the short history of
bubbles comparing all of them you go
back south sea company right I've read
about these many many times
before um and you see these coming up
and they have some similarities it's
usually what I love to see within them
is the
Euphoria and it seems as
though nothing could change oh this is
it that everyone loves tulips tulips are
are the next big thing but then
something changes right I went to the
Tulip markets in Amsterdam and saw this
for myself um just interesting to see
having that piece of
History right in front of you like that
I mean it's pretty wild now they're not
exactly worth millions of dollars
anymore still valuable sure they have
value to them but not not like we were
seeing at that time so anyway you could
see here on these charts just showing
you a comparison of where we are at in
comparison to previous
bubbles just remember the sentiment
that's all that things get really crazy
before they get normal again the
Magnificent 7 trades at PE ratios of 30
times versus 18 times for the S&P 493 so
again Sparky this is where we're talking
about here like when you extract those
few names what do you get and you get a
much more normal circumstance what is
the historical PE ratio somewhere
between 16 17 all right in recent years
that number has been higher right and
also Tech tends to have higher
pees so when we put that in there let's
just say
18 uh you know it's relatively normal
you start extra extracting just those
mag s stocks and it's crazy pretty crazy
anyway averaged
out it's not normal to have them be so
high um what people can argue about that
if they'd like solid momentum us firms
have announced repurchases totaling $155
billion so far this year we're talking
about stock BuyBacks stock BuyBacks are
the number one buyer of stocks do you
get it
apple is the number one buyer of Apple
stock uh you know Walmart is the number
one buyer of w like whatever they're
just the biggest buyers in general
generalizing of
course um and if they keep doing that it
could push the stock prices up Tech
bubbles popped by rates penetration and
or regulation so this just comparing
going back all the different bubbles
measured in this different way AI is the
new thing regulation no question about
it is a very significant factor to
determine the future of the prices of
these AI stocks We have basically no
regulation right now and if they put
something in place that can kind of
hamper its growth that will affect its
price at least you know that turbulence
initially so keep an eye out for that
all right if you want to know more about
the finance Friday where we get into
depth for 2 hours every Friday check out
the link in the description the money
gps.com
slive I want to see you on there where I
can get into the things I just can't get
to here on the Channel all right and as
always don't forget to hit that thumbs
up button on your way out and I'll see
you tomorrow take care